CATACLYSM
---------

After economic and social collapse, the reins of the government of Oceania were
seized by Victor Torres, a former intelligence officer who had long ago retired
from the previous government. Torres promptly declared himself "Imperator" and
established peace in the land through force. A military-run police force
stationed soldiers throughout the nation in order to quell any potential
uprisings. Individuals suspected of being a threat to the state were shot
without trial.

While anyone who would stand up to the Imperator would have many sympathizers,
there was no large, organized resistance, because anyone involved would have
been executed along with their families and friends. For the general public, it
was a simple fact of life that totalitarianism was the price of stability;
insecurity against the government was the price of security against the
nation's enemies.

You yourself would have been happy to ignore the foolishness of the present
government and lived your life in peace, but somehow you were tagged as a
person of interest through the government's new Big Sister program, which
encouraged civilians to report suspicious individuals to local authorities.
Being marked for death by the government, your only hope for the peaceful life
you sought is to overthrow the current regime. You are now the reluctant leader
of a one man resistance movement. Unfortunately you can't expect any overt
support until you convince the population that you can win, but information may
be passed along if you can find the right people. Your destiny and the destiny
of the nation, rest upon your shoulders...
